And so forth.
brother-in-law
Didn't you hear what the waiter said just now?
In this Skylark Hotel, paying the bill depends on ability
trough network
I'll give you back three melons and two taels.
What can you avoid?
shortcut
Ahahahaha
Brother-in-law, are you well prepared?
I don't know where I got this card
You bought it here.
Excuse me, sir.
Please show your membership card this is the membership card
The membership card of the Skylark Hotel
The grade is determined by color.
Well, our Miss Jiang is standing in the position of the queen of heaven
So I got the gold membership card
That is, the most distinguished VIP.
As for your black card
Why do I look more and more like a library card?
Hahahaha sir
Please show your membership card to checkout
Here is the membership card.
Excuse me, sir.
We Yunquan International
There is no VIP black card like you.
If you don't show your card again
I'm going to call security to deal with the problem